feat: add possiblity to override the category of a block with createListBlock (#3157)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/perfect-tigers-tan.md

---
"@comet/blocks-admin": minor
---

> Add a `category` parameter to `createListBlock` in order to set the block's category in the factory function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a `category` option to `createListBlock` to allow overriding the block's category
```
